---
created: 2024-07-09 09:28
tags:
  - DailyNotes
  - MoreTrees
  - Sprint2
---



#  Tuesday, July 09, 2024

<< [[Timestamps/2024/07-July/2024-07-08-Monday|Yesterday]] | [[Timestamps/2024/07-July/2024-07-10-Wednesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---
---
### 📅 Wake Up
##### 🙌 One thing I'm excited about right now is...
- Working on the Cross Charge Payment History app functionality.

##### 🚀 One thing I plan to accomplish today is...
-  Fully complete the Legacy DB Payment History Migration functionality given that all edge case questions are resolved.

---
---
# 📝 General Notes
---

## Block One
#### What I plan to do
- Discuss Payment History Migration and Cross Charge Plantation Migration edge case questions with Jack
- Work on the Data Model Developer Documentation:
	- Create the Marketing Preferences, Account Ledger, and Language table documentation.
	- Create links between pages.
#### What I accomplished
- I have got an outcome of what changes need to be made to the Payment History Migration functionality.
- I have got an outcome of what changes need to be made to the Cross Charge Plantation Migration functionality.
- Worked on the Data Model Developer Documentation
	- Created the Marketing Preferences, User Marketing Preferences, Account Ledger, and Language table documentation.
	- Created links between pages.
#### Notes
- N/A
---
## Block Two
#### What I plan to do
- Make changes following the discussion with Jack for the legacy DB payment history migration app functionality. 
#### What I accomplished
- Reviewed [Fix Assign cross charge credits errors](https://github.com/THG-More-Trees/mt-transaction-management-service/pull/478)
- Made changes to the legacy DB payment history migration app functionality:
	- Skip certain IDs.
	- Add comments for clarity purposes.
	- Get created when date for stripe payment method IDs from the earliest transaction in then stripe export.
#### Notes
- N/A
---
## Block Three
#### What I plan to do
- Calculate the consolidated plantations in the Brand Cross Charge Data spreadsheet (time consuming).
#### What I accomplished
- Completed calculating the consolidated plantations in the Brand Cross Charge Data spreadsheet.
- Prepared test data for testing the legacy DB payment history migration with Jack King.
- Prepared additional test cases for testing the legacy DB payment history migration with Jack King.
- Tested the changes made to the cross charge plantation data migration app functionality.
#### Notes
- N/A
---
## Block Four
#### What I plan to do
- Start implementation on the cross charge payment history migration app functionality.
- Begin official testing of the legacy DB payment history data migration with Jack King, in preparation for running the app in production.
#### What I accomplished
- Successfully carried out local testing on a call with Jack King
- Selected a representative sample set of users to test payment history in UAT.
	- Account Codes  = `(20B9BD, 407248, 5C8809, 160623, 248B2F, 36BEE9, 80B7DD, 457FBE, 64E5F3, 153249, 7A1A7B, 293AC1, 7520C4)`
#### Notes
- N/A

---
---
### 📅 Wind Down
##### 🙌 What did I achieve today
- Fully completed the legacy DB payment history migration app functionality **(ticket closed)**.
- Fully completed the cross charge plantation migration app functionality **(ticket closed)**.

##### 🚀 How did I struggle today
* I felt as if the team were wasting my talents and not driving my progress by pushing me to tediously fill in an excel spreadsheet with simple calculation.

---
---
### Notes created today
```dataview
List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2024-07-09") SORT file.ctime asc
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2024-07-09") SORT file.mtime asc
```