---
created: 2024-07-05 08:02
tags:
  - DailyNotes
  - MoreTrees
  - Sprint2
---



#  Friday, July 05, 2024

<< [[Timestamps/2024/07-July/2024-07-04-Thursday|Yesterday]] | [[Timestamps/2024/07-July/2024-07-06-Saturday|Tomorrow]] >>

---
---
### 📅 Wake Up
##### 🙌 One thing I'm excited about right now is...
- Completing the creation of the legacy DB payment history migration script.

##### 🚀 One thing I plan to accomplish today is...
-  Locally test and create a functional test plan for the legacy DB payment history migration script.

---
---
# 📝 General Notes
---

## Block One
#### What I plan to do
- Clean up the `mt-plantation-payment-history-migration-script` app in the `mt-data-migration` repository for PR review.
- Add the `mt-anonymise-user` repository code to the `mt-data-migration` repository.
- Locally test the legacy DB payment history data migration.
- See [IPMORE-735](https://thehut.atlassian.net/browse/IPMORE-735).
#### What I accomplished
- I cleaned up the `mt-plantation-payment-history-migration-script` app.
- Full local testing of the legacy DB payment history data migration completed successfully.
#### Notes
- The `mt-anonymise-user` repository is not a part of data migration. 
	- #ToDo Unarchive the `mt-anonymise-user` repository
---
## Block Two
#### What I plan to do
- UAT test the legacy DB payment history migration to ensure a user can see their migrated payment history.
#### What I accomplished
- UAT test is successful. I reassigned one of my UAT accounts with the account code of a migrated user who had payment history, then migrated payment history for that user.
- Implement invoice number generation so that invoice details show correctly in Activity History.
#### Notes
- After UAT testing payment data migration, I found that invoice details won't show correctly unless each payment has a unique invoice number. The platform generates invoice numbers using the sequence `invoice_number_seq`. The migration app will use this for inserting invoice numbers.
---
## Block Three
#### What I plan to do
- Create a functional test plan to speed up review time spent with Jack King.
#### What I accomplished
- Create a functional test plan for all edge cases and main scenarios required to maintain data integrity. See ticket [IPMORE-530](https://thehut.atlassian.net/browse/IPMORE-530)
- Review PRs for moving database migrations from mt-flyway to their individual services:
	- [mt-notification](https://github.com/THG-More-Trees/mt-notification-management-service/pull/109 "https://github.com/thg-more-trees/mt-notification-management-service/pull/109")
	- [mt-project](https://github.com/THG-More-Trees/mt-project-management-service/pull/173)
	- [mt-user](https://github.com/THG-More-Trees/mt-user-management-service/pull/485)
	- [mt-transaction](https://github.com/THG-More-Trees/mt-transaction-management-service/pull/477)
- Review CAB for moving database migrations from mt-flyway to their individual services
	- [IPMORE-666](https://thehut.atlassian.net/browse/IPMORE-666)
#### Notes
- N/A
---
## Block Four
#### What I plan to do
- Get familiarised with Cross Charge Plantation Migration app functionality.
- Resume the implementation of the Cross Charge Plantation Migration app functionality.
#### What I accomplished
- Re-review PRs for moving database migrations from `mt-flyway` to their individual services:
	- The README in each service was updated to reflect still relevant information from the `mt-flyway` README.
- I have gotten familiarised with the requirements for migrating the cross charge plantations.
- I have gotten familiarised with the current state of the cross charge plantation migration app functionality.
#### Notes
- Current state of Cross Charge Plantation Migration:
	- The creation of the Cross Charge Account Inventory Cache Model list functionality is implemented.
	- The creation of the Cross Charge Account Ledger Plantation Cache Model list is in progress.

---
---
### 📅 Wind Down
##### 🙌 What did I achieve today
- Finish off the creation of the legacy DB payment history migration app functionality.
- Finish testing the legacy DB payment history migration functionality in a local environment and UAT.

##### 🚀 How did I struggle today
* Encountered several edge cases regarding specific legacy DB payments.
	* I solved these by applying a best fit solution, and recording the scenarios for the edge case for confirmation with Jack King.

---
---
### Notes created today
```dataview
List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2024-07-05") SORT file.ctime asc
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2024-07-05") SORT file.mtime asc
```