---
created: 2024-07-08 08:09
tags:
  - DailyNotes
  - MoreTrees
  - Sprint2
---



#  Monday, July 08, 2024

<< [[Timestamps/2024/07-July/2024-07-07-Sunday|Yesterday]] | [[Timestamps/2024/07-July/2024-07-09-Tuesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---
---
### 📅 Wake Up
##### 🙌 One thing I'm excited about right now is...
- Getting near the successful completion of data migration.

##### 🚀 One thing I plan to accomplish today is...
-  Complete the app functionality for cross charge plantation data migration.

---
---
# 📝 General Notes
---

## Block One
#### What I plan to do
- Complete app functionality for caching the processed cross charge plantation data.
#### What I accomplished
- Completed the app functionality for caching the processed cross charge plantation data.
#### Notes
- N/A
---
## Block Two
#### What I plan to do
- Complete app functionality for inserting the cached cross charge plantation data into CockroachDB
#### What I accomplished
- Completed the app functionality for inserting the cached cross charge plantation data into CockroachDB
#### Notes
- N/A
---
## Block Three
#### What I plan to do
- Create test data for the Brand Cross Charge Data spreadsheet.
- Test the app functionality for inserting the cached cross charge plantation data.
#### What I accomplished
- Created test data for the Brand Cross Charge Data spreadsheet.
- Midway through testing the app functionality for inserting cross charge plantation data.
	- Insert into the `account_inventory_cross_charge_store` table is successful working.
	- Insert into the `account_ledger_cross_charge_plantation_store` table is successful working.
	- Upsert into the `account_inventories` table is successfully working.
#### Notes
- Creating the test data was more time consuming than anticipated due to the data requiring particular emails and entries for them emails across the CockroachDB database schema structure.
---
## Block Four
#### What I plan to do
- Complete local testing of the app functionality for inserting cross charge plantation data.
#### What I accomplished
- Completed local testing of the app functionality for inserting cross charge plantation data.
- Performed UAT testing of the app functionality to ensure that plantation history can be viewed correctly on the platform site.
- Review for changing the GitHub org for the mt-transaction-job repository - See [here](https://github.com/THG-More-Trees/mt-transaction-job/pull/10).
- Review `mt-ui` [IPMORE-690](https://github.com/THG-More-Trees/mt-ui/pull/383)
- Review `mt-transaction-job` - See [here](https://github.com/THG-More-Trees/mt-transaction-job/pull/11).
#### Notes
- N/A

---
---
### 📅 Wind Down
##### 🙌 What did I achieve today
- I completed writing the app functionality for processing and inserting the brand cross charge plantation data.
- I completed local testing and UAT testing for the cross charge plantation data migration app functionality.

##### 🚀 How did I struggle today
* Not much of a struggle, but it was time consuming setting up the local test environment for the cross charge plantation data migration app functionality. I felt as if it was a waste of developer time.

---
---
### Notes created today
```dataview
List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2024-07-08") SORT file.ctime asc
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2024-07-08") SORT file.mtime asc
```