Demo List:
- Brand cross charge plantation migration.
	- Login to a brand and ensure that they can see their plantations.
- Fix account credits loaded and used when planting by card.
	- Login to UAT and make a plantation using a card.
	- Show database record to show that the `account_credits` record for that account was updated correctly.
- Correct the incorrect `account_credits` records caused by the bug.
	- Run the query which finds all discrepancies between plantations and what was recorded in `account_credits`
- Implemented the app for stripe subscription migration.
	- Show stripe subscription migration app.
	- Show user in UAT which had their subscription data migrated.
	- *Still need to write unit tests.*


##### Retrospective
**What Went Well**
- Encountered unexpected bugs and handled them well, which have caused data migration and discrepancy calculations to be delayed. - Tom
- Migrated the brand cross charge plantation history despite unexpected road blocks. - Tom
- Successfully implemented a data integrity fix using a data migration flyway in `mt-transaction-service`. - Tom
- Came more prepared to the demo. - Tom
- Came more prepared to the retrospective. - Tom
**What could have gone better?**
- Unfamiliarity with some stubbing in JUnit testing slowed down the progression of the `Fix Account Credits Loaded and Used when planting by Card` ticket. - Tom
- 

**Where can we improve?**
- Improve familiarity of JUnit testing to speed up the implementation for backend tickets. - Tom
- Get access to teleport to stop blocks in app runtime development. - Tom